
A major part of Job Hunger functionality is the point system.  The point system exists largely for two reasons.

1.  The user wants to be able to evaluate and motivate his overall level of activity in the job search.
2.  The user also wants to be able to measure _where_ he is spending his time and energy, so that he has the opportunity budget his resources appropriately to maximum impact.

///////

To that end, let's consider all the actions scoped to our app that the user could do to increase his points.

1. He can get find a lead.
  1a.  He can get valuable info towards contacting or build a rel'p with the lead.
    1ai.  He can get same info towards a lead at a company he wants to work for.
    1aii.  He can get same info towards a peer colleague lead.
    1aiii.  He can get same info towards a lead with market knowledge/domain expertise.
2. He can add a company.
  2a. He can find important info about the company (tech stack, funding, etc)
  2b. He can learn infomation about the organizational structure of the company valuable to focusing effort toward the optimal team and role within the company.
3. He can add a job.
  3a. He can apply for a job.
  3b. He can gain info relevant to the job to add credibility to a side-door path.
4. He can attend non-company related career activity (conference, meetup).
5. He can react to public social media.
  5a. Others can reply.
  5b. Relevant leads can reply.
6. He can create on public social media.
  6a. Others can reply.
  6b. Relevant leads can reply.

///////

You could say this is reasonably comprehensive but it's all ad hoc.  In a more fundamental way, you can say that the users actions add value along three vectors:

1. Contextual Organizational Knowledge
2. Personal relationships, specifically towards building credibility and personal compatibility
3. Action and Connection

Complementary to that, the user can interest level to a company as well as a job within a company, as strong, medium or weak.  I don't think we want to do anything more granular for that, we don't want the user to be stuck on assignments.  If, as I suspect is typical, the user is not particularly motivated to differentiate, he can always assign medium to everything.

In fact, I'd recommend setting it that way as a default choice in the UI so that the user only needs to make a change if he is motivated to do it.

Bearing all this in mind, here's a first cut for a point system.

1. Finding a company of interest - 2 points
2. Finding a role at a company of interest - 2 points
3. Finding information to create contextual organizational knowledge - 3 points.
3. Associating with a relevant person on passive social media - 1 point.
4. Sending an email or LinkedIn request - 2 points.
5. Applying to job/sending resume - 6 points (not duplicative with email)
5. Relevant person accepts LinkedIn request - 1 point
6. Relevant personal emails you - 3 points
7. Relevant person calls you - 10 points.
8. Get a phone screen for a job - 6 points
9. Get a coding challenge for a job - 6 points
10. Getting multistage interview for a job. - 15 points.
11. Getting an offer 25 points.

For each of these the user is prompted to add an appropriate small/medium/large qualifier to submit with the input, defaulting to medium.  The precise nature of the qualifier is specified by where it fits among three categores:

1. Developments regarding contextual organizational knowledge or leads, ie, people are evaulated for relvance.
2. Developments regarding jobs or companies are evaluated for interest.
3. Developments regarding actions are evalutated for the propensity to create personal relationships based on credibility and compatibility.



















